(gentle music)
- So we recommend taking
Fortagen 30 minutes before bed.
Mostly because the majority
of protein synthesis
that happens in the body happens at night.
But that's just the
majority, not all of it.
So, now, there's a lot
of different questions,
I think based on people having habits.
Like if you have a habit of having
a protein shake after your workout,
I wanna be clear, there's no benefit
to having protein after
a workout specifically,
but if that's when you wanna
take your protein, okay,
you can do that, that's fine.
So, the two big rules
with timing Fortagen,
is you wanna have it at least two hours
after your last meal that included protein
because sometimes, protein
takes a long time to digest
and you don't want it
to conflict with some
of the lower qualities of
protein in your nutrition.
And by the way, everything is
lower quality than Fortagen.
Two hours, remember that.
And then if you wanna do more
than one dose of Fortagen,
so let's say one dose of Fortagen makes up
for the equivalent of 50
grams of other protein source.
So like (mumbles) or something like that.
When you do that,
you wanna wait 30 minutes
between the doses.
At least 30 minutes.
So, I take two doses a day,
and then I still wanna get
like at least 200 grams,
when on days that I eat
'cause I don't eat every day.
I wanna get at least 200 grams
of natural source protein
meats, really is all I eat.
So, when you do that,
you just wanna make sure
that there's a 30 minute period
so that your body can absorb
what had already, it
absorbes very quickly,
30 minutes is a very short absorption time
and then you can have another dose.